From "Invincible" by Capone-N-Noreaga:

Who rap chronic collab jake
Whether we have not or have cake

From "Woodwork" by Godley & Creme:

For old time's sake
Crawling out of the woodwork
For a slice of cake
You came crawling

From "Birthday Cake" by Cibo Matto:

Do you have a headache, or a heartbreak?
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?

From "Furniture" by Owen Pallett:

My mother never takes a break
From her pining after furniture
Every moment on her feet is torture
And I share her love of wine and cake

From "Big City" by Inspectah Deck:

Yo, everyday, lives at stake, pies to bake
Same knife that cuts your throat divides the cake

From "Finnegan's Wake" by Tossers:

Well, his friends assembled at the wake,
and missus Finnegan called for lunch
well, first she brought out tea and cake,
then pipes and tobacco and brandy punch

From "Popular" by Gretchen:

Just a nasty habit, you can't break
Still you want to have and eat your cake

From "One More Goodbye" by M. Ward:

Reconsider in your soul your mistake
Well I found a match and wrote these words on your cake

From "The Other Cheek" by Tanya Stephens:

oonu need fi start bake
and the brook valley man dem need a slice a di cake

From "Sunday Morning in America" by Keith Anderson:

And boats on the lake
And a red-head freckled face blows out the candles on his birthday cake

From "Discosis" by Bran Van 3000:

But something to make
Cutting the cake

From "My Boo" by Waka Flocka Flame:

Well Thesee Niqqahs Is Fakin && Im Ready To Take
Yo Shoes Yo Clothes && Even Yo Cake

From "A Spoonful Of Sugar" by Julie Andrews:

And every task you undertake
Becomes a piece of cake

From "Funny Happy Birthday Song" by Unknown:

Happy Birthday, how much more can you take?
But your friends are hungry so just cut the stupid cake.

From "The Portal Song" by Skymarshall Arts:

But there’s no sense crying over every mistake
You just keep on trying till you run out of cake

From "Top Of The Wheel" by Hazel O'Connor:

And I got no respect for you, you're just a fake
Gave up your lot for a bite of the cake

From "Live At the Tunnel" by Cru:

I keeps the real, separate from the fake
If I kill, yo, I'm doin' so for the cake

From "Sanctuary" by New Musik:

I reach out and take
My piece of the cake

From "Oh Yeah (Yeah)" by House Of Large Sizes:

You should be wide awake
Yeah but I can't help sayin'
It's a'one big... one big... one big... cake!

From "The Anthem" by Lootpack:

But everywhere around the gates people saying that ya fake
Like dropping out of weight while you're trying to have your cake

From "Streets Gonna Love Me" by Hell Rell:

And they might get knocked but that's the chances we take
You know it's all for the cake, yeah it's all for the cake

From "Taste The Cake" by Ray Koefoed:

Still, the tests keep getting harder and she needed a break.
That's when the voice began to barter with the promise of cake.

From "Taste The Cake" by Ray Koefoed:

She had completed all the tests and never made a mistake.
Her mouth began to water. Her hands started to shake.
She knew it couldn't be much farther.
She could almost taste the cake.

From "I Luv Hamburgers (Hamm's Song)" by Bust A Groove:

let there be no mistake of the point I'm trying to make
on my birthday give me a burger not a cake

From "How Far We've Come" by Politically Incorrect:

Time moves on, we take a break
Love burns all and hate takes the cake

From "Perfect Place" by Sleddogs:

I'd built a boat and float on the open lake
And we would sail under the stars eating strawberry cake

From "Hater Day" by Canton Jones:

So all my haters gonna have to take a hater break today
I'm a bake a hater cake today

From "Living The Life Of A Dreamer" by Alice Russell:

Greedy greedy greedy, take take take
Then its kissy smiley, fake fake fake, Like a cake

From "Home" by Gary Puckett:

And every night they lie awake
And dream of mama's chocolate cake

From "T.V Movies" by Glitter Band:

Mr flickaswitch i need a break
Hey producer cut me on the cake

From "Keep Winning" by Archie Eversole:

Everyday is a dream, and I dont wanna wake up
Everyday is a grind, gotta get the cake up

From "A Dublin Lullaby" by Three Dead Trolls In A Baggie:

I went up with O'Leary to Old McDonald's wake
We drank a lot of stout and ate a lot of cake!

From "Hcw" by Curious Lil' Jay:

Do you have sum fries to go with that shake
He said baby you'r so hott you could bake my cake

